NARRATOR
Professor Sycamore's
Pokémon summer camp
is off and running.
And our heroes have wasted no
time in making new friends.
Trainers Tierno,
Shauna and Trevor.
With their Pokémon
at their sides
all three have dreams
of success.
But just what kind of
influence those dreams will
have
on our heroes,
is yet to be seen.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all
all all ♪♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"DAY THREE BLOCKBUSTERS!"
[blowing whistle]
Clemont, come on, hurry!
[EXERTION]
Serena's not fooling around,
is she?
That's 'cause she's super
excited about all the cool stuff
we're gonna be doing
in camp today.
Right! We can do it.
Today's the day
we get those ten points!
You're gonna get left behind,
big brother.
[EXCITED]
[groans]
Good morning, professor.
You're up early.
Good morning, Nurse Joy.
'That was quite a day
yesterday.'
This year's campers
are all very unique.
We had a few surprises,
didn't we?
Yes. The fishing competition
was wild.
[cheering]
[laughing]
[PANIC]
Yeah, Team Squirtle ended up
with quite a catch.
And they did it
in a creative way.
They earned every one
of those ten points.
Today should be just as fun.
Yes , I'm sure it'll be
a marvelous day, indeed.
Delicious! Hm.
It's a little bit unusual
but it tastes great!
Yeah. What do you think,
Pikachu?
[HAPPY]
I've never tasted
anything like this.
You can really taste
the ingredients.
I wonder what this is.
‐ Ah..
‐ 'It's really, really good!'
Delightful.
I'm swelling with pride.
Ha! Even if we were to get fired
from Team Rocket.
We'd still land on our feet.
You just keep your eyes
on the prize.
We're here to steal Pokémon
for the Boss.
‐ 'You!'
‐ Ma'am!
Such exquisite meals.
Maybe I should give you
a raise.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Ah..
Thank you.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
Good morning, campers.
ALL
Good morning.
What a lovely day.
It's perfect
summer camp weather.
Today, you'll all be making
your own Pokévision videos.
[gasping]
‐ It's Pokévision time.
‐ I want in too.
Why don't you go in
by yourself?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
I'm pretty sure some of you have
made Pokévision videos before.
But just in case
it refers to making
a Pokémon promo video.
I'd like to show you a video
that I made as an example.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE ON TV
'Hi, there. Welcome
to the Sycamore Pokémon Lab.'
This is where I spend
my time researching
'and taking good care
of your first Pokémon partners.'
And that's not all.
My assistants and I
are also busy
conducting daily research
on Pokémon evolution.
The more we research
the more we find
in the world of Pokémon.
They're all
truly amazing.
If you have any questions
about the world of Pokémon
don't hesitate to get in touch.
[EXCITED]
[applause]
Thank you. Thanks so much.
I'm really grateful
for your generous applause.
Thanks.
'As you just saw, Pokévision
lets Trainers and Pokémon'
show what makes them special
to an even wider audience.
And so for today,
each team is going to make
their very own
Pokévision video.
Now, to help you make
exciting videos
I've got all the tools you need
to make Poké Puffs.
Please, put them to good use.
Awesome! What should I make?
Serena, what are you
gonna do?
Hm. I have to think.
I wanna make some too.
Alright, campers.
I'd like you to finish
your videos by this evening.
As always, the top three teams
earn points.
This will be decided by a vote
we will take right here
after the big screening.
[indistinct chatter]
I'm expecting
to see some great work.
Ready? Begin!
[blowing whistle]
Perfect. I've been wanting
to do another video.
No one's gonna beat me today.
Yeah.
No one's gonna beat me.
There's no doubt Shauna's got
this whole Pokévision thing
in the bag.
Which means we'll be
extending our lead.
Nope, no way.
We are gonna make a Pokévision
video you won't believe.
[DETERMINED]
Let's win, Serena!
Ta‐da! Here's the concept.
It's called Friends.
[CONFUSED]
‐ Those are our Pokémon?
‐ Yup.
The five of them
are our stars!
Dedenne, can you handle it?
[CONCERN]
You'll be great.
The only thing you have to do
is be yourself.
And I'll be in charge
of making beautiful Poké Puffs.
Alright! We can't lose!
Yes!
Let's aim for the top.
We'll take everything we learned
during our journey
and put it all
in our Pokévision video.
‐ It's going to be great.
‐ Yeah!
I've learned
from my past mistakes.
Of course,
that means the future is now
thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear on!
Revised and better than ever.
My latest invention,
the Pokéstar Shooter Mark Two!
Ash, I still need to make
some minor adjustments.
So would you please assist me?
Sure. No prob.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
SERENA
'This is kind of hard.'
‐ There.
‐ Huh?
So cute! Fennekin, do you think
it's cute too?
Isn't it the sweetest?
Fennekin, just a sec.
[CONTENT]
Let's make some more
of these cuties.
‐ 'Okay.'
‐ Hey, Serena?
[both gasp]
Did you see Aria's newest
Pokévision video yet?
Huh? So Aria has a new video?
‐ No, I haven't had a chance to.
‐ It's got a lot of style.
You've just gotta see it.
Aria's Fennekin
evolved into Braixen.
That's wonderful news!
A Braixen!
Isn't it great?
She's an awesome Trainer.
Listen to this.
She got super, super popular
after becoming
a Pokémon performer.
But she still insists
on regularly putting out
'new Pokévision videos.'
‐ Performer?
‐ You don't know what that is?
No. Tell me.
Pokémon performers are made up
of the cutest Trainers.
They even have their own
Pokémon Performer Festival!
Ever heard
of the Pokémon Showcase?
No, we've never heard
of that either.
Uh. Wow. I guess
you don't know anything.
Let's see, okay.
The Pokémon Showcase
is a performance event
that takes place
all over Kalos.
And the cute and talented
Trainers who participate in
it
are called Pokémon
Performers.
'The Pokémon Showcase is made up
of two competitions.'
The first one is called
the Theme Performance.
Making Poké Puffs,
grooming Pokémon
performing with props,
things like that.
And sometimes there will be
special theme programs
depending on
the specific competition.
The second one is called
General Freestyle Performance.
See?
You have to use your Pokémon
skills to their fullest.
And the Pokémon appears
on stage
along with its Trainer.
If you're good enough to win
three or more competitions
then you get to appear in
what's called the Master
Class.
And the Trainer who wins
there along with her Pokémon
gets to receive the title
of Kalos Queen.
And who's the queen now?
It's none other than Aria!
Kalos Queen. Wow!
Doesn't that sound
totally amazing?
Mm‐hm. But it doesn't sound
like you battle.
That's right.
Pokémon performance
demonstrates the partnership
between Pokémon and Trainer
in a completely different way
than having a battle.
‐ You wanna be a performer?
‐ I sure do.
Right now,
I'm researching with style.
I worked real hard
to enter the competition
and fulfill my dream!
Being Kalos Queen!
‐ Serena? Bonnie?
‐ Huh?
Sorry we're late.
[HAPPY]
Are you ready to go?
I'll be all ready
in just a sec.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Bulbasaur.
‐ 'Time for location scouting.'
‐ 'Uh, what's that?'
Finding the best place
to shoot the video.
ASH
Oh, right.
CLEMONT
'I think we're getting pretty
far away from camp.'
If we go a little further
I think we might find
the perfect spot.
Come on.
We're gonna end up spending
the whole day searching.
‐ Yeah. Maybe you're right.
‐ Now, what?
Huh? There! How does that look?
It's the best place
I've seen so far
with all those flowers
blooming.
Wait, Serena!
I'll just have a quick look
and then we can start.
[screaming]
‐ Ash!
‐ Serena!
‐ Ah. Ash, are you okay?
‐ Yeah, how about you?
I'm alright.
[CONCERN]
Hey there, buddy.
It's good to see you.
Here.
Thank you very much, Ash.
‐ Ah.
‐ Ash!
[CONCERN]
I must have twisted it
a little.
Hm. No big deal. I'm fine.
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
‐ No, it's okay.
‐ 'Hey!'
Hey, Ash and Serena,
are you guys alright?
Yeah. Don't worry.
We're fine!
[AGREEMENT]
No! Ash hurt his foot
and can't walk.
Understood! Serena, you stay
there with Ash!
We'll go get help!
Ash, I feel so awful
about this.
I'm fine.
Okay. The swelling should go
down a bit now.
That's nice of you, Serena.
And thanks for worrying
about me so much too, Pikachu.
[HAPPY]
Pikachu is so awesome.
Coming to find you because
it cares so much about you.
Pikachu and I have been
in a lot of tough spots together
that's for sure.
[AGREEMENT]
Long as we're a team,
we're fine.
[AGREEMENT]
Okay, Fennekin,
come out.
[APPEARING]
[EXCITED]
We're always a team too.
Hungry? Here you go.
[CONTENT]
‐ So they're both alright?
‐ Yeah.
Ash hurt his foot a bit,
but it sounded like he was okay.
That's good.
'We'll put together
a rescue team right away.'
Hope they're alright.
I'm worried.
Of course, we still have
the Pokévision video to do.
‐ Right.
‐ You know
we've done a lot of camp
and when I'm battling
I'll able to use it all.
Wow. Even the fishing contest?
That's gonna
help you battle too?
Yeah, you bet. Nothing we ever
do is a waste of time.
Everything on our journey
leads to the Kalos League.
'That's why the more stuff
we do, the better.'
You're always doing your best.
And you've done so much.
ASH
'But I'm not done yet.'
After all, I've gotta
make my dream come true.
And that dream is?
To become a Pokémon Master.
Of course.
You really
are an amazing person.
‐ Let me get some more water.
‐ Thanks.
A dream. Having a dream.
Serena, are you okay?
Sometimes I wonder.
What is my dream, Ash?
What is it that I want?
Don't worry,
you've got lots of time
to figure out your dream.
[ASSURE]
[HAPPY]
Fennekin.
I'll bet you find your dream
together with Fennekin.
[AGREEMENT]
Right?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I'll find my dream
with my Pokémon.
‐ 'Hello!'
‐ Huh? Huh!
It sounds like
Professor Sycamore.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
There you are.
Are you alright?
'Yeah! We're fine!'
The rescue team's
on its way down now!
‐ Got it.
‐ Thanks, professor!
Well, we'll give those twerps
a bit of a break
just this one time.
But nothing's changed.
We've still got
our evil eyes on the prize.
We are here.
You can all rest easy now.
'You'll be back at camp
in a jiff!'
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey, thanks.
'Sorry to put you through
all that.'
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Fret not!
That was nice of you
to get us out.
We really didn't mean
to cause any trouble, professor.
I'm just glad
it was nothing serious.
It's beautiful!
[EXCITED]
Man, would you look
at this place.
[AWE]
And it was waiting for us
right off the main path.
This is a great spot.
Time for Pokévision!
[EXCITED]
It's perfect.
After all we've been through
we'll make the best
Pokévision video ever!
[all cheer]
[applause]
Alright. Now, for our next video
from Team Squirtle!
TREVOR
Hey! We're Team Squirtle.
Allow me to introduce
the tricked‐out trio
that's taken the Pokémon
summer camp by storm.
TREVOR
The Super‐speed
Battling Charmander!
[EXERTION]
And when it comes
to Pokémon knowledge
I'm second to none,
Trevor!
[EXERTION]
TIERNO
Battling's all about moving
and grooving
for Squirtle.
And with pro dancing
on my mind, I'm Tierno!
SHAUNA
No matter what's up
it's rock solid
and reliable Bulbasaur!
With dreams of being
a Pokémon performer
dancing in my head,
I'm Shauna!
Team Squirtle's always
on the prowl
for battling opponents!
Thank you all so very much.
We tried everything
we could do
to bring out the best
in our Pokémon.
Thanks to all of you
for your support!
Wow, you were great,
Team Squirtle.
Yeah, what an amazing
Pokévision video.
‐ Next up, Team Froakie!
‐ Huh?
This is our last
Pokévision video.
Don't you still have
work to do?
[thinking]
Presenting something
I made myself in front
of all these people?
I'm so nervous.
SERENA ON TV
I'm Serena.
And this is my partner,
Fennekin!
[HAPPY]
Today, we're
having a picnic.
So I made a basket
of Poké Puffs.
Fennekin loves them.
[HAPPY]
What have I done?
I'm so sorry, Fennekin.
'Somebody grab
the runaway Poké Puff!'
[EXERTION]
[EXCITED]
[PANIC]
[HAPPY]
'Oh, well.'
Here! I've got enough
for everyone!
[HAPPY]
‐ Thank you so much, everybody.
‐ Yeah, thanks a lot.
Oh, wow.
So now that we've seen
everyone's video.
I want you all
to pick the three videos
'you liked the most,
other than your own, of course.'
The idea for using Poké Puffs
in our video
came from what
we went through today.
‐ Huh? No joke?
‐ Hm.
Nope.
Today, Ash said there's nothing
we could ever do
that's a waste of time.
That Ash
is a pretty smart guy.
You know,
it would be beyond amazing
if I could go and see
a Pokémon Showcase sometime.
And see what
a Pokémon performer does too.
‐ Then I'll go with you.
‐ Huh?
Sure.
Come in, guys,
they're announcing the winners.
[EXCITED]
Okay! Thanks!
Let's go.
Thanks to your votes
we've decided on the top three
Pokévision videos.
‐ And the third place goes to.
‐ Team Charmander!
Yay!
[indistinct chatter]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
'You all did a great job
showcasing the unique beauty'
'of water types!'
And now, the second place team.
And that's Team Chikorita!
Yay!
'You showed the elegance
of flying types'
'in a masterful way.'
Finally, we come
to the winning team.
And the first place goes to..
'...Team Froakie!'
Yay!
[laughing]
‐ Congratulations.
‐ Thanks so much.
Guess that's the way it goes.
It's possible we went
a little too battle‐crazy.
'But I don't mind losing to Ash
and his friends that much.'
The way you brought up
the unique character
of each Pokémon, that is what
put you over the top.
So then, all three winning teams
will be receiving points.
Congratulations.
You should be proud.
Great job today, everyone!
NARRATOR
Thanks to an unexpected
turn of events our heroes
have succeeded in making a
great
first‐place
Pokévision video.
That means Team Froakie
and Team Squirtle
are tied with
the most points
as the summer camp
adventures continue.
[theme music]